>> Steve Kinney: The other thing that we
might wanna do is a lot of applications
will show you the recent documents, right?
My application shows me
the recent documents
from when I was working on this
previously but not officially, right?
And so what we want to do is append it
to the recent documents there as well.
And we could do them to render a process,
but
that is something that kind of
belongs in the main processes.
The method on app and when we see it,
it will be very clear what it does.
But we'll say when we open the file,
say app., this one looks good.
addRecentDocument feels
like a good method.
I could do it on the render process, too.
I don't wanna do it on every keystroke,
though, which is when that
update user interface is getting called to
see if we have saved or unsaved changes.
And I don't want to use the remote module,
so do it here and we'll just say as
the filename and
now that application will get added.
So then if you open up a few files and
either in Windows,
I think you've got the recent documents
in Windows Explorer should show up there.
In MacOS, it will show up either in
the recent documents in the Apple menu or
when you right click on the icon and
on Linux, I don' know.
[LAUGH]
Somewhere but cool,
so yeah, again, we get to basically play
nicely as if we were a native application,
even though we're built
on web technologies.
Which is kinda cool and not something
I'm used to seeing from the GTK built
applications or Java apps or
anything along those lines.
It is definitely,
you're not gonna fool anyone.
I have a strong opinion about building
Electron apps, which is if you try to
fool somebody, you're never gonna create
a web interface that looks like Mac OS, or
Windows, or a thing like that.
Slack, and Visual Studio Code, and
all those applications, don't really try.
And that's probably better than trying and
by getting 95% of the way there.
But you can do some of the kind of like
base levels of what a user comes to expect
out of an application, really easy with
some of the APIs that Electron gives us.